Add Numba to requirements of spykingcircus2 in the documentation (#1445)
SpikeInterface/spikeinterface: doc/install_sorters.rst

noise clusters), and in the template-matching procedure, which is now a fully orthogonal matching pursuit, 
working not only at peak times but at all times, recovering more spikes close to noise thresholds.

* Python
* Requires: HDBSCAN and Numba
* Authors: Pierre Yger
* Installation::

        pip install hdbscan
        pip install spikeinterface

>         pip install numba  (or conda install numba as is recommend by conda authors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        pip install numba  (or conda install numba as recommended by conda authors)
```
